When would you want to use a remote repository rather than keeping all your work
local?

    Backup. Sharing. 

Why might you want to always pull changes manually rather than having Git
automatically stay up-to-date with your remote repository?

    Don’t want to bring in changes made by other before you are ready

Describe the differences between forks, clones, and branches.  When would you
use one instead of another?

    First, the silly answer: forks are eating utensils, clones are identical
    copies of things and branches are offshoots of tree trunks or other
    branches.
    Seriously though: A fork is a github-specific type of clone that
    maintains a relationship between the clones. A clone is just an exact
    copy of a repository. A branch is a bit trickier. In some ways it is
    just a label applied to certain commits, but in a more logical way it 
    is a splitting of the tracking of changes to the code to allow multiple
    version to be developed at the same time within the same repository

What is the benefit of having a copy of the last known state of the remote
stored locally?

    This allows you to work offline more while still having the latest
    remote code at the ready.

How would you collaborate without using Git or GitHub?  What would be easier,
and what would be harder?

    Without git hub you could still use git which wouldn't be so bad but would
    require more human intervention instead of relying on the service. Without
    git at all then you'd be doing a lot of duplicating of files and folders
    and would quickly mess it up for any project with more than a couple of 
    files or contributers

When would you want to make changes in a separate branch rather than directly in
master?  What benefits does each approach have?

    Using a branch allow you to split off and work on a problem without
    disrupting the main branch while you are working. This would be useful
    when working on anything that is a bit tricky that might require much
    time and commits and changes and colloboration. When all is well you 
    can issue a pull request to have the whole body of work of the branch
    reviewed
